gotta get the Doritos the Whooper be
fashion little friendly killer UAV
inbound Oh what you can in the corner
listen yo know your bestie you can't
wear camera I got it
number with John camp no I need you to
explains all drivers pimpin oh hi MA for
Rebecca here plan some light EDM with
warm in the excess money
oh okay you still got that robe on yo I
got it all right back I have the other
one on now oh you got the other hook the
other marula face in the window man
already already cable already can
already come far
Oh No 8:00 right you got no he's mine
he's mine
oh you got around who's over here turn
around it will spoil my a shit maybe the
other sweater I don't know hey I miss I
miss light transitioning now they're
behind us no I better be I ran my ass oh
we heard a very sharp charges over here
now the hi-hat dude
hey save a muhfucka bang race - I'm
gonna win I'll write one who runny you
live all just small right baby
Hotel Rosa Rasso know they got goodies
and I'm going around I'm running against
them easy easy
nope I hate glitches Fred come help me
Prince Jake infrared Oh
but ain't no critters in this game I
tell me come here come here
ah yeah I'm gonna run it behind says now
just levitate looking no I'm not doing
it don't die hey I miss you all in the
back of your spine huh I don't care oh
I'm out of bully are you doing
move boy so yeah pick up yeah yeah love
the sauna static damn yeah yeah I really
do Thank You AVM down
ini help counter UAV inbound come on oh
shit
Brad watch anything under they come
through the door going I'm gonna get
some Doritos want me to milk you gotta
get the Doritos the war movie section
below
friendly care UAV inbound
Oh dawn what you're kidding in the
corner I'm not listen yo know you're
busted you little camper Cameron I got
it my mother John camping oh no no no I
need you to explain all rappers pimpin
oh brother oh my god I died I had no
bullets no none none whatsoever I'll eat
up boy that's nice
Tess fuck you oh my kidney was complete
don't quit now I got it
gangee thank you
Thank You Otto Kilcher now kill me
goddamn what you say big ass good I had
to turn that deaf shit off that shit
don't help you score per minute at all
how you doing today Pascal you a beer oh
this way wenn ich way this way yeah I
was getting yo oh I'm gonna put this
Hollywood potato - we're gonna put this
up lon
yes Kelly oh I enjoy this Kelly
oh man look at the camera
you